charts/lldap/README.md, before:

<!--- app-name: lldap -->

# Helm chart for LLDAP

LLDAP is a lightweight authentication server that provides an opinionated, simplified LDAP interface for authentication.

[Overview of lldap](https://github.com/nitnelave/lldap/)

## TL;DR

```bash
helm repo add ajgon https://charts.rzegocki.pl/
helm install my-release ajgon/lldap
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [lldap](https://hub.docker.com/r/nitnelave/lldap) deployment on a
[Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.19+
- Helm 3.2.0+
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
helm install my-release ajgon/lldap
```

The command deploys LLDAP on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Parameters](#parameters) section
lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Parameters

### Common parameters

| Name                                    | Description                                                | Value           |
| --------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| `domain`                                | Basic domain, which will be exposed                        | `""`            |
| `nameOverride`                          | String to partially override common.names.fullname         | `""`            |
| `fullnameOverride`                      | String to fully override common.names.fullname             | `""`            |
| `uid`                                   | UID of the user running lldap                              | `1000`          |
| `gid`                                   | GID of the user running lldap                              | `1000`          |
| `affinity`                              | Affinity for pods assignment                               | `{}`            |
| `clusterDomain`                         | Kubernetes cluster domain name                             | `cluster.local` |
| `commonAnnotations`                     | Annotations to add to all deployed objects                 | `{}`            |
| `commonLabels`                          | Labels to add to all deployed objects                      | `{}`            |
| `extraDeploy`                           | Array of extra objects to deploy with the release          | `[]`            |
| `imagePullSecrets`                      | Docker registry secret names as an array                   | `[]`            |
| `nodeSelector`                          | Node labels for pods assignment                            | `{}`            |
| `podAnnotations`                        | Annotations for pods                                       | `{}`            |
| `podKind`                               | Pod kind, must be Deployment, DaemonSet, or StatefulSet    | `DaemonSet`     |
| `replicaCount`                          | Number of replicas                                         | `3`             |
| `resources`                             | Limit resources for the conainers                          | `{}`            |
| `secretAnnotations`                     | Annotations to add to secret                               | `{}`            |
| `securityContext`                       | Run containers as a specific securityContext               | `{}`            |
| `strategy`                              | Deployment strategy                                        | `{}`            |
| `tolerations`                           | Tolerations for pods assignment                            | `[]`            |
| `serviceAccount.create`                 | Specifies whether a ServiceAccount should be created       | `true`          |
| `serviceAccount.name`                   | The name of the ServiceAccount to use                      | `""`            |
| `serviceAccount.annotations`            | Additional custom annotations for the ServiceAccount       | `{}`            |
| `service.type`                          | Kubernetes service type for traffic                        | `ClusterIP`     |
| `service.httpPort`                      | Port for http traffic                                      | `17170`         |
| `service.ldapPort`                      | Port for ldap traffic                                      | `389`           |
| `service.ldapsPort`                     | Port for ldaps traffic (if ldaps enabled)                  | `636`           |
| `networkPolicy.enabled`                 | Enable creation of NetworkPolicy resources                 | `false`         |
| `networkPolicy.allowExternal`           | Don't require client label for connections                 | `true`          |
| `networkPolicy.extraIngress`            | Add extra ingress rules to the NetworkPolicy               | `[]`            |
| `networkPolicy.extraEgress`             | Add extra egress rules to the NetworkPolicy                | `[]`            |
| `networkPolicy.ingressNSMatchLabels`    | Labels to match to allow traffic from other namespaces     | `{}`            |
| `networkPolicy.ingressNSPodMatchLabels` | Pod labels to match to allow traffic from other namespaces | `{}`            |

### Image parameters

| Name                | Description                                      | Value             |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ----------------- |
| `image.registry`    | lldap image registry                             | `docker.io`       |
| `image.repository`  | lldap image repository                           | `nitnelave/lldap` |
| `image.tag`         | lldap image tag (immutable tags are recommended) | `""`              |
| `image.pullPolicy`  | lldap image pull policy                          | `""`              |
| `image.pullSecrets` | lldap image pull secrets                         | `[]`              |
| `image.debug`       | Enable image debug mode                          | `false`           |

### Ingress configuration

| Name                                 | Description                                        | Value    |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `ingress.enabled`                    | Enable ingress                                     | `false`  |
| `ingress.className`                  | Add ingress class name                             | `""`     |
| `ingress.annotations`                | Add ingress annotations                            | `{}`     |
| `ingress.hosts[0].host`              | Add host for ingress, if empty domain will be used | `""`     |
| `ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path`     | Add path for each ingress host                     | `/`      |
| `ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType` | Add ingress path type                              | `Prefix` |
| `ingress.tls`                        | Add ingress tls settings                           | `[]`     |

### Persistence configuration

| Name                        | Description                                                    | Value               |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `persistence.enabled`       | Enable lldap data persistence using PVC                        | `false`             |
| `persistence.medium`        | Provide a medium for emptyDir volumes                          | `""`                |
| `persistence.storageClass`  | Persistent Volume storage class                                | `""`                |
| `persistence.accessModes`   | Persistent Volume access modes                                 | `["ReadWriteMany"]` |
| `persistence.size`          | Persistent Volume size                                         | `32Mi`              |
| `persistence.selector`      | Additional labels to match for the PVC                         | `{}`                |
| `persistence.dataSource`    | Custom PVC data source                                         | `{}`                |
| `persistence.existingClaim` | Use a existing PVC which must be created manually before bound | `""`                |

### Configuration parameters

| Name                       | Description                                                           | Value             |
| -------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| `log.verbose`              | Tune the logging to be more verbose by setting this to be true        | `false`           |
| `jwt.secret`               | Random secret for JWT signature                                       | `""`              |
| `jwt.useSecretFile`        | Mount jwt secret as file instead of using an environment variable     | `true`            |
| `ldap.baseDn`              | Base DN for LDAP                                                      | `""`              |
| `ldap.userDn`              | Admin username                                                        | `admin`           |
| `ldap.userEmail`           | Admin email                                                           | `admin@localhost` |
| `ldap.userPass`            | Admin password                                                        | `""`              |
| `ldap.useSecretFile`       | Mount password as file instead of using an environment variable       | `true`            |
| `keyFile.value`            | Private key - 128 bytes encoded in base64                             | `""`              |
| `ignoredAttributes.user`   | Ignored user attributes                                               | `[]`              |
| `ignoredAttributes.group`  | Ignored group attributes                                              | `[]`              |
| `smtp.enablePasswordReset` | Whether to enabled password reset via email, from LLDAP               | `false`           |
| `smtp.server`              | The SMTP server                                                       | `""`              |
| `smtp.port`                | The SMTP port                                                         | `587`             |
| `smtp.encryption`          | How the connection is encrypted, either "TLS" or "STARTTLS"           | `STARTTLS`        |
| `smtp.from`                | The header field, optional: how the sender appears in the email       | `""`              |
| `smtp.replyTo`             | The header field, optional: who should receive a reply of lldap email | `""`              |
| `smtp.user`                | The SMTP user, usually your email address                             | `""`              |
| `smtp.password`            | The SMTP password                                                     | `""`              |
| `smtp.useSecretFile`       | Mount password as file instead of using an environment variable       | `true`            |
| `ldaps.enabled`            | Whether to enable LDAPS                                               | `false`           |
| `ldaps.certificateKey`     | Private key in PEM#8 format                                           | `""`              |
| `ldaps.certificate`        | Certificate                                                           | `""`              |

Commit message:

add support for auto-genearting SSL certificates

charts/lldap/README.md, after:

<!--- app-name: lldap -->

# Helm chart for LLDAP

LLDAP is a lightweight authentication server that provides an opinionated, simplified LDAP interface for authentication.

[Overview of lldap](https://github.com/nitnelave/lldap/)

## TL;DR

```bash
helm repo add ajgon https://charts.rzegocki.pl/
helm install my-release ajgon/lldap
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [lldap](https://hub.docker.com/r/nitnelave/lldap) deployment on a
[Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.19+
- Helm 3.2.0+
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
helm install my-release ajgon/lldap
```

The command deploys LLDAP on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Parameters](#parameters) section
lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Parameters

### Common parameters

| Name                                    | Description                                                | Value           |
| --------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| `domain`                                | Basic domain, which will be exposed                        | `""`            |
| `nameOverride`                          | String to partially override common.names.fullname         | `""`            |
| `fullnameOverride`                      | String to fully override common.names.fullname             | `""`            |
| `uid`                                   | UID of the user running lldap                              | `1000`          |
| `gid`                                   | GID of the user running lldap                              | `1000`          |
| `affinity`                              | Affinity for pods assignment                               | `{}`            |
| `clusterDomain`                         | Kubernetes cluster domain name                             | `cluster.local` |
| `commonAnnotations`                     | Annotations to add to all deployed objects                 | `{}`            |
| `commonLabels`                          | Labels to add to all deployed objects                      | `{}`            |
| `extraDeploy`                           | Array of extra objects to deploy with the release          | `[]`            |
| `imagePullSecrets`                      | Docker registry secret names as an array                   | `[]`            |
| `nodeSelector`                          | Node labels for pods assignment                            | `{}`            |
| `podAnnotations`                        | Annotations for pods                                       | `{}`            |
| `podKind`                               | Pod kind, must be Deployment, DaemonSet, or StatefulSet    | `DaemonSet`     |
| `replicaCount`                          | Number of replicas                                         | `1`             |
| `resources`                             | Limit resources for the conainers                          | `{}`            |
| `secretAnnotations`                     | Annotations to add to secret                               | `{}`            |
| `securityContext`                       | Run containers as a specific securityContext               | `{}`            |
| `strategy`                              | Deployment strategy                                        | `{}`            |
| `tolerations`                           | Tolerations for pods assignment                            | `[]`            |
| `serviceAccount.create`                 | Specifies whether a ServiceAccount should be created       | `true`          |
| `serviceAccount.name`                   | The name of the ServiceAccount to use                      | `""`            |
| `serviceAccount.annotations`            | Additional custom annotations for the ServiceAccount       | `{}`            |
| `service.type`                          | Kubernetes service type for traffic                        | `ClusterIP`     |
| `service.httpPort`                      | Port for http traffic                                      | `17170`         |
| `service.ldapPort`                      | Port for ldap traffic                                      | `389`           |
| `service.ldapsPort`                     | Port for ldaps traffic (if ldaps enabled)                  | `636`           |
| `networkPolicy.enabled`                 | Enable creation of NetworkPolicy resources                 | `false`         |
| `networkPolicy.allowExternal`           | Don't require client label for connections                 | `true`          |
| `networkPolicy.extraIngress`            | Add extra ingress rules to the NetworkPolicy               | `[]`            |
| `networkPolicy.extraEgress`             | Add extra egress rules to the NetworkPolicy                | `[]`            |
| `networkPolicy.ingressNSMatchLabels`    | Labels to match to allow traffic from other namespaces     | `{}`            |
| `networkPolicy.ingressNSPodMatchLabels` | Pod labels to match to allow traffic from other namespaces | `{}`            |

### Image parameters

| Name                | Description                                      | Value             |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ----------------- |
| `image.registry`    | lldap image registry                             | `docker.io`       |
| `image.repository`  | lldap image repository                           | `nitnelave/lldap` |
| `image.tag`         | lldap image tag (immutable tags are recommended) | `""`              |
| `image.pullPolicy`  | lldap image pull policy                          | `""`              |
| `image.pullSecrets` | lldap image pull secrets                         | `[]`              |
| `image.debug`       | Enable image debug mode                          | `false`           |

### Ingress configuration

| Name                                 | Description                                        | Value    |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `ingress.enabled`                    | Enable ingress                                     | `false`  |
| `ingress.className`                  | Add ingress class name                             | `""`     |
| `ingress.annotations`                | Add ingress annotations                            | `{}`     |
| `ingress.hosts[0].host`              | Add host for ingress, if empty domain will be used | `""`     |
| `ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path`     | Add path for each ingress host                     | `/`      |
| `ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType` | Add ingress path type                              | `Prefix` |
| `ingress.tls`                        | Add ingress tls settings                           | `[]`     |

### Persistence configuration

| Name                        | Description                                                    | Value               |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `persistence.enabled`       | Enable lldap data persistence using PVC                        | `false`             |
| `persistence.medium`        | Provide a medium for emptyDir volumes                          | `""`                |
| `persistence.storageClass`  | Persistent Volume storage class                                | `""`                |
| `persistence.accessModes`   | Persistent Volume access modes                                 | `["ReadWriteMany"]` |
| `persistence.size`          | Persistent Volume size                                         | `32Mi`              |
| `persistence.selector`      | Additional labels to match for the PVC                         | `{}`                |
| `persistence.dataSource`    | Custom PVC data source                                         | `{}`                |
| `persistence.existingClaim` | Use a existing PVC which must be created manually before bound | `""`                |

### Configuration parameters

| Name                             | Description                                                           | Value             |
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| `log.verbose`                    | Tune the logging to be more verbose by setting this to be true        | `false`           |
| `jwt.secret`                     | Random secret for JWT signature                                       | `""`              |
| `jwt.useSecretFile`              | Mount jwt secret as file instead of using an environment variable     | `true`            |
| `ldap.baseDn`                    | Base DN for LDAP                                                      | `""`              |
| `ldap.userDn`                    | Admin username                                                        | `admin`           |
| `ldap.userEmail`                 | Admin email                                                           | `admin@localhost` |
| `ldap.userPass`                  | Admin password                                                        | `""`              |
| `ldap.useSecretFile`             | Mount password as file instead of using an environment variable       | `true`            |
| `keyFile.value`                  | Private key - 128 bytes encoded in base64                             | `""`              |
| `ignoredAttributes.user`         | Ignored user attributes                                               | `[]`              |
| `ignoredAttributes.group`        | Ignored group attributes                                              | `[]`              |
| `smtp.enablePasswordReset`       | Whether to enabled password reset via email, from LLDAP               | `false`           |
| `smtp.server`                    | The SMTP server                                                       | `""`              |
| `smtp.port`                      | The SMTP port                                                         | `587`             |
| `smtp.encryption`                | How the connection is encrypted, either "TLS" or "STARTTLS"           | `STARTTLS`        |
| `smtp.from`                      | The header field, optional: how the sender appears in the email       | `""`              |
| `smtp.replyTo`                   | The header field, optional: who should receive a reply of lldap email | `""`              |
| `smtp.user`                      | The SMTP user, usually your email address                             | `""`              |
| `smtp.password`                  | The SMTP password                                                     | `""`              |
| `smtp.useSecretFile`             | Mount password as file instead of using an environment variable       | `true`            |
| `ldaps.enabled`                  | Whether to enable LDAPS                                               | `false`           |
| `ldaps.createTlsSecret`          | Generate TLS certificates for LDAPS                                   | `true`            |
| `ldaps.createdTlsSecretLifetime` | Generated certificates lifetime (in days)                             | `365`             |
| `ldaps.certificateKey`           | Private key in PEM#8 format                                           | `""`              |
| `ldaps.certificate`              | Certificate                                                           | `""`              |
